Welcome, welcome again everyone. Thank you. And again, as a historian said, and a grader,
our master, K.T. Vardheesh Ramaji always said, this is one of the great opportunities in our lives,
that we are really truly engaging to the essence of our own nature, through the teaching of the
Buddha Shaptamuni. All this is not just for accidental, truly we are blessed, truly. Therefore,
respect and endure in the applications. At the same time, have the determination, courage,
and commitment to explore our beauty, our natural, and radiating that energy to all our
environments,
to everywhere, to everywhere, everywhere. We really cannot do that, very strongly in the deep
heart and mind. Strongly, truly this is what the teaching of this is. We're teaching is not just,
we are practicing teaching, following, to be nice with Buddha, or to the lineage masters,
or someone else. Truly this is our nature. We are exploring that. We are glorifying that.
We are revering that. Buddha pointed out, hey, we all, you all have the treasures.
You have all the treasures. Now is the time to revere. Buddha is not going to, or the body
is not going to revere for us. They are going to show and tell us how to do.
We have to put our effort, joy, courage, and commitment to revere these natures.
These are all wonderful opportunities. We all, every way, every aspect we think, we have the
path of opportunity, path of the situation, path of the circumstances. These all not just came
by itself or coincidentally. Truly it has beautiful cause and conditions. Our good
karma of the past did and a lineage blessings. All that combined together, we are here to engage,
to explore our beautiful nature as Buddha told, as the lineage masters told,
our best capabilities. We're going to revere one after another. That's it. So therefore,
we strengthen our again with joy and appreciation. At the same time, bodhicata told vastness,
motivation of the bodhicata, thinking all living beings may truly, may they remove from all
suffering
the difficulties, may they remove from all the wrong ideas, wrong beliefs, bring them joy and
peace, shine them to greater wisdom, those who have wrong beliefs, really have greater wisdom,
decent respect of lives of every living beings, of joy and peace and happiness.
Kids strongly wicked that. That is our way to contributing the world peace and helping benefit
that our prayers and combined with bodhicata. And we do that together. Blessings of the
Buddhas and bodhisattvas makes more powerful. They are already working. We join in their ripple
effect, chain reaction of the beautiful energy, vibrating throughout the gloves and beyond the
gloves. That is what really we need to do. And the target with this vastness, motivation of both
each other, as you all know, we are very unpractical. Bring out of this apart from the
understanding of the purity of the three various states, various forms, various sounds and various
minds. We heard these things so many from great teachers, so many great teachers from
and from KK, but they share numbers. We know intellectually, vaguely, vaguely in the brain,
let that say all those knowledge in the heart with joy and devotions. That is what's called
practices, not hovering in the brain, any kind of idea in the conceptual level. That is not called
the practices in by the practicing lineages. That is just the idea. Of course it will help a bit,
but really it's not going to make the change. So let's say all those are beautiful, say within
the heart, let them merge with our primordial nature, but we're going to discuss, nerd that
and explore, bring the explosion of the realization from through our body, speech and mind and
shine
to the every direction. That is known as fearless yogi and yogi-ness or the true heroics. They are
the warriors of the individual world. They were warriors of the inner pardo. They were warriors
of the upward pardo or this life, next life, all the way to the enlightenment. They are warriors
of the bodhicata, warriors of love, kindness, compassion, wisdom, respect and appreciation
to every living beings. During that energy, energy in mandala, within that, that's the guru target.
That is the message and teaching of the Buddha, Gaurapayama sambhava, our great kenji,
vardhika, rambhoji and his only dalai rambhoji. Truly that. That's what they be practices and
we are following that footsteps. Not just only them, all the great masters, such as his only dalai
rambhoji. Look at this, how wonderful activity that is performed, performing, benefiting and
genuinely love, compassion, understanding, passion or tolerance. All these dudes are teaching.
Of course, verbal teachings are teaching too, but those example stories are great teachings.
They are not just talkers, but they are duels. They are standing what they are talking,
behind it, firmly and that. And that is what we are able to do this. Truly then we are beautiful,
we are perfect. So kind of bring up those understand that this is mind of course.
Again, we are all Sangha members, as you always said, we are all Sangha members. What the teaching
says in Sangha members, support each other, help each other. Anywhere, I am reminded to you
and I am reminded to myself. We are all reminded to each other, support, help and move forward
with a beautiful goal, with a vision and move forward. That is known as, again, in the Buddha
seeking what is said, noble doro, noble sanghas. Noble sanghas and noble doro. That will make that
noble, noble it is. Noble it is. It is not a noble, noble it is not just a bone in the title of it,
but it is love, kindness and compassion. Understand that is noble, that is noble it is,
highest noble. Therefore, what the in the teaching says, there is nothing higher noble than the
true
love and compassion, joy and appreciation. There is nothing else. All others are hallucinations,
it is titles, it is all relatives, more hallucination than even relatives.
But this is wonderful, joy and appreciation. So bring up those beautiful qualities and then
Then we move to the teaching of this time.